# Test Cases

This directory contains files that are used for parser testing.
Some of these files are written by hand, others -- auto-generated by `tests/parser/parser_test_generators.py`.
There are two sub-directories:

1. `core_tutorials`: this directory stores results of applying parser to `script/core` tutorials. 
   For each tutorial `tutorial_name` the directory stores three files:
   1. `tutorial_name.json` file. This file is auto-generated (result of `DFFProject.to_graph`).
   2. `tutorial_name.py` file. This file is auto-generated (result of `DFFProject.to_python`).
   3. `tutorial_name.yaml` file. This file is auto-generated (result of `DFFProject.to_yaml`).

2. `complex_cases`: this directory contains more complex examples of DFF usage than tutorials
   and the results of applying parser to them. Each complex example has the following structure:
   1. `python_files` directory. This directory contains the example of DFF usage that the parser takes as an input.
   2. `graph.json` file. This file is auto-generated (result of `DFFProject.to_graph`).
   3. `script.yaml` file. This file is auto-generated (result of `DFFProject.to_yaml`).
   4. `new_script.yaml` file. This file is used to showcase parser editing capabilities.
      It acts as `script.yaml` with a few changes.
   5. `script.yaml.diff` file.
      This file is used only to show the difference between `script.yaml` and `new_script.yaml`.
   6. `result_creating` directory. This directory is auto-generated
      (result of `DFFProject.to_python` where `DFFProject` is initiated from `new_script.yaml`).
   7. `result_editing` directory. This directory is auto-generated
      (result of first copying `python_files` and then calling `DFFProject.to_python` over them where
      `DFFProject` is initiated from `new_script.yaml`).

All these files serve two purposes:
1. Showcase parser and its capabilities.
2. Test against them to ensure that parser is working correctly.
